feat: create MR with custom target branch (#70)
un-ts/changesets-gitlab: .changeset/seven-pugs-provide.md

---

> 'changesets-gitlab': patch
> ---
> 
> merge requests target branch can now be configured through a input environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'changesets-gitlab':  minor
---

feat: merge requests target branch can now be configured through a input environment variable
```
